com/example/e_commerce/ui/TabbedActivity/ViewPagerItem.java
 com.example.e_commerce.ui.TabbedActivity.ViewPagerItem
com/example/e_commerce/products/CategoryButtonAdapter.java
 com.example.e_commerce.products.CategoryButtonAdapter
 com.example.e_commerce.products.CategoryButtonAdapter$MyViewHolder
 com.example.e_commerce.products.CategoryButtonAdapter$MyViewHolder$1
com/example/e_commerce/products/CategoryButtonItem.java
 com.example.e_commerce.products.CategoryButtonItem
com/example/e_commerce/products/ChooseProductActivity.java
 com.example.e_commerce.products.ChooseProductActivity
 com.example.e_commerce.products.ChooseProductActivity$1
 com.example.e_commerce.products.ChooseProductActivity$2
 com.example.e_commerce.products.ChooseProductActivity$3
 com.example.e_commerce.products.ChooseProductActivity$4
 com.example.e_commerce.products.ChooseProductActivity$5
 com.example.e_commerce.products.ChooseProductActivity$6
 com.example.e_commerce.products.ChooseProductActivity$7
com/example/e_commerce/login/UserDbHelper.java
 com.example.e_commerce.login.UserDbHelper
com/example/e_commerce/login/LoginActivity.java
 com.example.e_commerce.login.LoginActivity
com/example/e_commerce/shoppingcart/ShoppingCartActivity.java
 com.example.e_commerce.shoppingcart.ShoppingCartActivity
 com.example.e_commerce.shoppingcart.ShoppingCartActivity$1
com/example/e_commerce/products/DownloadImageTask.java
 com.example.e_commerce.products.DownloadImageTask
com/example/e_commerce/login/Constants.java
 com.example.e_commerce.login.Constants
 com.example.e_commerce.login.Constants$UserTable
com/example/e_commerce/products/Product.java
 com.example.e_commerce.products.Product
 com.example.e_commerce.products.Product$1
 com.example.e_commerce.products.Product$FindSearchResult
com/example/e_commerce/ui/TabbedActivity/accountFragments/ReviewFragment.java
 com.example.e_commerce.ui.TabbedActivity.accountFragments.ReviewFragment
 com.example.e_commerce.ui.TabbedActivity.accountFragments.ReviewFragment$1
com/example/e_commerce/login/ForgetPasswordActivity.java
 com.example.e_commerce.login.ForgetPasswordActivity
com/example/e_commerce/ui/TabbedActivity/accountFragments/ProfileFragment.java
 com.example.e_commerce.ui.TabbedActivity.accountFragments.ProfileFragment
com/example/e_commerce/shoppingcart/MailApi.java
 com.example.e_commerce.shoppingcart.MailAPI
 com.example.e_commerce.shoppingcart.MailAPI$1
com/example/e_commerce/ui/TabbedActivity/AccountActivity.java
 com.example.e_commerce.ui.TabbedActivity.AccountActivity
com/example/e_commerce/ui/TabbedActivity/ViewPagerAdapter.java
 com.example.e_commerce.ui.TabbedActivity.ViewPagerAdapter
com/example/e_commerce/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.e_commerce.BuildConfig
com/example/e_commerce/products/Item.java
 com.example.e_commerce.products.Item
com/example/e_commerce/products/RecyclerViewClickListener.java
 com.example.e_commerce.products.RecyclerViewClickListener
 com.example.e_commerce.products.RecyclerViewClickListener$1
 com.example.e_commerce.products.RecyclerViewClickListener$OnItemClickListener
com/example/e_commerce/products/MapsActivity.java
 com.example.e_commerce.products.MapsActivity
com/example/e_commerce/shoppingcart/Utils.java
 com.example.e_commerce.shoppingcart.Utils
com/example/e_commerce/products/ProductDbHelper.java
 com.example.e_commerce.products.ProductDbHelper
com/example/e_commerce/products/RecyclerViewEvent.java
 com.example.e_commerce.products.RecyclerViewEvent
com/example/e_commerce/shoppingcart/ShoppingCartAdapter.java
 com.example.e_commerce.shoppingcart.ShoppingCartAdapter
 com.example.e_commerce.shoppingcart.ShoppingCartAdapter$1
 com.example.e_commerce.shoppingcart.ShoppingCartAdapter$2
 com.example.e_commerce.shoppingcart.ShoppingCartAdapter$3
 com.example.e_commerce.shoppingcart.ShoppingCartAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/e_commerce/ui/TabbedActivity/accountFragments/ReviewAdapter.java
 com.example.e_commerce.ui.TabbedActivity.accountFragments.ReviewAdapter
 com.example.e_commerce.ui.TabbedActivity.accountFragments.ReviewAdapter$MyViewHolder
com/example/e_commerce/login/User.java
 com.example.e_commerce.login.User
com/example/e_commerce/login/RegisterActivity.java
 com.example.e_commerce.login.RegisterActivity
 com.example.e_commerce.login.RegisterActivity$1
com/example/e_commerce/products/ProductAdapter.java
 com.example.e_commerce.products.ProductAdapter
 com.example.e_commerce.products.ProductAdapter$MyViewHolder
 com.example.e_commerce.products.ProductAdapter$MyViewHolder$1
